the knot with the car but because in death
who missed
calm down, cry in the championship
Spanish will not explode in the slightest
boiled should have a problem in the
cooling system
cooling system is that the
cooling is composed of radiator
water pump hose valves keep
tactical temperature and vessel sensors
expander cooling system is
responsible for temperature control
engine is the one that causes the exchange of
engine's heat with the environment is
always a young man who had no
punishment is or is not punishment not the reasons
they can be many
several causes can lead to
overheating of the engine as
Radiator defects leaky hose
block seal and valve bored head
thermostatic locked pot lid
damaged expander looks most
Sometimes the problem is due to lack of
preventive maintenance and if the
problem is related to the pump
water may leak from the
coolant through seal
that's it looks nobody deserves the taste
showed the good reality so that
this does not happen anymore
I recommend some care
cracked the money goes personal pros that
I heard you never fail
good let's look is always necessary to
cleaning of the cooling system and
use of an additive as
carmaker's recommendation
this practice should be repeated once
per year
so bad luck that resists actually go
go to found the game show is the hero was
that's what I 'm doing
my work